Yunqi, fly away!
Mom! You, you,
You reduce the number of kills for me. I just had a quarrel with Qiao Nian.
To scare Hibiki on purpose. Do the next group of people need to push the person downstairs?
I'm angry with you, you carry me,
What exactly have been done? Mom! You,
Call my mom. Before this matter was clarified,
You are not allowed to go anywhere. Dr. Chen,
Our memories don’t speak. good.
Sheng Yuner, do you have to be my opponent?
But if you do it right, you are nothing.
No matter whose suspect you are, everything you do,
I will always be suspicious.
Then why are you here?
I heard that you were not only fired from your position
Still satisfied
So I came here specially to see you
I miss your potential
How can I count on you in the future?
Once the sage is clear,
I'm not his biological son. Get up.
Where are we now?
It's too early to give up now
I also feel like I’ve been kicked out of the prosperous world.
Remember what Saint Pearl made before
As long as he kills you
You and your dad can still inherit the Holy Family's legacy
What do you mean
But all the preparations I made before were of no use
Only Qianri is a thief
There is no Thousand Days House Thief
There will always be